# Problem 4 – Student Protocol

You are given a sequence of exam results. Your task is to sort the exams by students and their results. Each exam holds an array of **students**. Each **student** has a **result**.

You should check whether the exam **result** value is **valid**. A **valid** **result** value is between **0** and **400** points. If a **student** has an invalid result value, you should **ignore** that line.

If a student has attended an exam **more** **than** **once**, it means the student went to a **makeup** exam and you should take into consideration the **higher** result. You should also **count** **how many makeup exams** the student went to.

In the output you should print all **exams** sorted **in order of appearance**. In each exam the **students** should be sorted by their **score** in **descending** order. If two students have the **same** **score** you should then sort them by **how** **many** **makeup** exams did **they** **take** in **ascending** order. If the **makeup exams are equal** then you should sort the **students** by **name alphabetically**.

## Input

The input data is passed to the first JavaScript function found in your code as an **array of strings**. Each input line holds an exam result description in format "**student – exam : result**". The input data will always be valid and in the format described. There is no need to check it explicitly.

## Output

Print at the console a **JSON string** that holds the **exams** sorted **in order of appearance**, and for each **student** –  his **result** and the **number of makeup exams** taken. The students should be sorted by several criteria:

1. **result** in **descending** order: the students with the highest results should be first.

2. **makeup exams taken** in **ascending** order _(if there are several players with the same result)_ – if two players have the same results, you should sort them by **makeup exams taken**.

3. Their **names** sorted **alphabetically** in **ascending** order in case several **students** have the same results and number of makeup exams taken. (Hint: Use _string_**.localeCompare**(_string_) function to compare the names.)

Please follow exactly the JSON format from the example.

## Constraints

-   The number of input lines will be between 1 and 1000.
-   The student's name will consist of Latin letters and a single space. Its length is between 3 and 50 characters. Leading and trailing whitespaces should be removed.
-   The exams and student's name will be unique names.
-   The result of each student will be in the range [0 … 1000].
-   Whitespace may be found or missing around the separators "-" and ":".
-   Allowed working time for your program: 0.2 seconds. Allowed memory: 16 MB.

## Input #1
```
Peter Jackson - Java : 350
Jane - JavaScript : 200
Jane  -  JavaScript :  400
Simon Cowell - PHP : 100
Simon Cowell-PHP: 500
Simon Cowell - PHP : 200
```
## Output #1
```js
{"Java":[{"name":"Peter Jackson","result":350,"makeUpExams":0}],
"JavaScript":[{"name":"Jane","result":400,"makeUpExams":1}],
"PHP":[{"name":"Simon Cowell","result":200,"makeUpExams":1}]}
```

## Input #2
```
Simon Cowell - PHP : 100
Simon Cowell-PHP: 500
Peter Jackson - PHP: 350
Simon Cowell - PHP : 400
```

## Output #2
```js
{"PHP":[{"name":"Simon Cowell","result":400,"makeUpExams":1},
{"name":"Peter Jackson","result":350,"makeUpExams":0}]}
```
