# Problem 3 – Magic Grid

You are given an **encrypted string**, a **magic number** and a **square** **matrix** **of** **numbers**. Your task is to **decrypt** the **encrypted** **message**.

In order to do that you first need to do the following:

1. You need to find the **positions** (**row** and **col**) of the **only** **two** numbers in the matrix, which **sum** is **equal to** the **magic number**.
2.  You need to **sum** the **row** and **column** values in order to get the **key** for the encrypted message (a number).
3.  For each **character** on an **odd position** in the string you need to **subtract** the **key value** from the character's **ASCII** **code** and for each **character** on an **even position** in the string you need to **add** the key value to the character's **ASCII** **code**. The first character of the string (at position 0) is considered even.

In the output you should print the **decrypted message**.

## Input

The input data is passed to the first JavaScript function found in your code as an **array of strings**. The **first** input line holds the **encrypted message**. The **second** input line holds the **magic number**. **Each** of the **next** **lines** holds an **array** of **numbers** separated by a **single space**. The input data will always be valid and in the format described. There is no need to check it explicitly.

## Output
 On the only output line you should print out the decrypted message.

## Constraints

-   The magic number is in the range [0…999].
-   The magic key is in range [1…10].
-   The matrix size is in the range [2…10].
-   The numbers in the matrix are separated by a single space.
-   Allowed working time for your program: 0.2 seconds. Allowed memory: 16 MB.

## Input #1
```
QqdvSpg
400
100 200 120
120 300 310
150 290 370
```
## Output #1
```
SoftUni
```

### Comments
*We search for **two numbers** which sum is equal to **400**.
At position (**0**,**0**) and (**1**,**1**) are the numbers **100** and **300** which sum **meets** the magic number.
Now we **sum** the **rows** and **cols** of the **positions** of the numbers and we get **0** + **0** + **1** + **1** = **2**.
Now we **add** **2** to the **ASCII code** of each **even** symbol and we **subtract** **2** from the **ASCII code** of each **odd** symbol and we get as a result - the string **SoftUni***
