# Problem 2 – The Captain Obvious Tribulation

As you probably well know, Captain Obvious is a famous superhero. His super power is to point out ridiculously obvious facts and events. Earlier today he received a challenge in his e-mail. He was given two texts. Captain Obvious must extract every word that’s repeated at least three times from the first  text, and then find every sentence from the second text that contains at least two or all of the repeated words found in the first text. Your task is to help Captain Obvious resolve this challenge as quickly as possible, because he’s not very good with counting words in a text.

You are given **two texts**. The first text may contain **repeating** words. Extract only those words from the first text that are repeated **three** or **more times**.

Using the **unique** extracted words find and print **all sentences** from the **second text** containing at least **two** or **all** of those words. If **no words** from the first text are repeated – print "**No words"**. If no sentences were extracted print "**No sentences**". Searching the texts is **case** **insensitive**. The output is **case sensitive**.

## Input

The input is passed to the first JavaScript function found in your code as **array of strings** holding the two texts. The sentences in the texts will **always be** **valid.**

## Output

You should print on the console each matched sentence from the second text on a new line. If no words were repeated from the first text – print: "**No words**". If no sentences were matched from the second text – print  "**No sentences**".

## Constraints

- The sentences will always be valid (ending with '.' or '!' or '?').
- All sentences will contain at least one word.
- A valid word does not contain numbers or special characters.
- Allowed working time: 0.2 seconds. Allowed memory: 16 MB.

## Examples

### Input #1
```
["Captain Obvious was walking down the street. As the captain was walking a person came and told him: You are Captain Obvious! He replied: Thank you CAPTAIN OBVIOUS you are the man!",  
  "The captain was walking and he was obvious. He did not know what was going to happen to you in the future. Was he curious? We do not know."]
```
### Output #1
```
The captain was walking and he was obvious.
He did not know what was going to happen to you in the future.
```
**Comments**
*The words you must match from the first text are:  [ 'captain', 'obvious', 'the', 'you' ] then you must print the sentences: 1. "The captain was walking and he was obvious." containing the words 'captain' and 'obvious'. 2.  "He did not know what was going to happen to you in the future." containing the words 'the' and 'you'.*

### Input #2
```
["Why, why is he so crazy, so so crazy? Why?",  
  "There are no words that you should be matching. You should be careful."]
```
### Output #2
```
No sentences
```
**Comments**
*The words matched from the first text should be : [ 'why', 'so' ] but since there are no sentences with them you must print : 'No sentences'*
