# Problem 1 – Kitodar the Miner

Kitodar the miner is a famous Bulgarian miner. His task is to mine gold, diamonds and silver and collect them in order to sell them later at the local market, but there is a problem: Kitodar is not very good at Math (calculus), because of his well-known anger issues (when frustrated Kitodar the miner beats the diamonds with his bare fists until there’s only diamond-dust left of them which he can’t sell later on).

Your task is to help Kitodar with calculating the **gold**, **silver** and **diamonds** he had **collected**, before he goes mad – 0.2 seconds.

## Input

The input is passed to the first JavaScript function found in your code as **array of strings** holding the data. Each string that should be **considered a valid string** must be in the **format**:

"mine {mineName} - {оre} : {quantity}".

The mineName is **optional** ("mine - {оre} : {quantity}" is also a valid string)! All other strings that are **not** in the format should **not be calculated**. You may find **one or more** whitespaces as separator.

## Output

The output should consist of **three lines**: on each line you should print out the amount of silver, gold or diamonds Kitodar has mined in the format "*[Type of mine]: [quantity]". E.g. "*Gold: 12”.

## Constraints

- Allowed working time: 0.2 seconds.
- Allowed memory: 16 MB.

## Examples

### Input #1
```
mine bobovDol - gold: 10 
mine medenRudnik - silver: 22 
mine chernoMore - shrimps : 24  
gold: 50
```
### Output #1
```
*Silver: 22
*Gold: 10
*Diamonds: 0
```

### Input #2
```
mine bobovdol - gold: 10
mine - diamonds: 5
mine colas - wood: 10
mine myMine - silver:  14
mine silver:14 - silver: 14
```
### Output #2
```
*Silver: 28  
*Gold: 10
*Diamonds: 5
```
